[ Reagan ]
Air and naval forces
of the United States...
launched a series of strikes
against terrorist facilities–
[ Reporter ]
Pan Am Flight 103 crashed
into the town of Lockerbie.
[ Reagan ] He has sanctioned
acts of terror in Africa,
Europe and the Middle East.
This will not stand,
this aggression against Kuwait.
[ Reagan ]
...his relentless pursuit
of terror.
[ Bush ]
We will make no distinction–
[ Reporter ] The U.S.S.  Cole
was attacked while refueling
in the port of Aden.
This was an act of terrorism.
It was a despicable
and cowardly act.
The next number we’re gonna
swing for you is one
of the good ol’ favorites.
- [ Speaking Arabic ]
- ...until something stops him.
[ Carrie ]
It was right in front of my
eyes, and I never saw it coming.
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
[ Man ]
We got a plane crashed
into the World Trade Center.
[ Man #2 ]
...thousands of people running–
We must, and we will, remain
vigilant at home and abroad.
[ Speaking Arabic ]
[ Saul Whispering ] You’re
the smartest and the dumbest
fucking person I’ve ever known.
[ Arabic Continues ]
[ Carrie ] I’m not the one
who got it wrong. I’m the only
one who got it right.
[ Saul ]
Take ’em.
Take ’em all.
[ Man ]
Roll every available ambulance
you’ve got to this position.
[ Police Sirens Wailing ]
[ Saul ]
Previously on  Homeland.
Where am I?
Caracas.
Your new home.
Perhaps you’d care to comment
on the article in yesterday’s
paper.
The case officer in question–
she’s been diagnosed as bipolar.
Carrie.
She called a reporter.
Apparently she thinks
it’s important they, quote,
"hear her side of the story."
I wanted you to know
I’m gonna stop her.
I’m sorry.
Get off of me!
This is a fucking sham!
[ Doctor ]
Dana has made great progress
over the last month.
She’s doing well.
You mean for someone
who tried to slit her wrists?
Your sister’s gone.
I just really needed to see you.
- He’s not good for you.
- That is based on what?
Not knowing him at all?
He’s unstable.
- You know what you’re here for?
- To examine the bank records.
You’re following the money.
To this guy, here.
Majid Javadi.
The Iranian who funded
the attack on this agency...
that occurred on 12/12.
I was wondering if you
could tell Saul Berenson...
how much better
I’m doing.
We both know
I’m not here
because I’m crazy.
I’m here because they don’t know
where else to put me.
I’m an associate
at Bennett, Parr & Hamilton.
One of our partners
would like to meet with you.
I’m talking about
getting you out of here.
I know what you’re doing.
What do you mean?
You think I’m vulnerable.
Not at all.
No, worse than that,
you think I’m weak.
Maybe, with just the right
incentive, I’ll turn against
the people who did this to me.
So whoever the hell
it is you’re working for–
the Syrians,
the Israelis, the Iranians–
you tell them
I would rather die in here.
[ Sighing ]
[ Woman ]
No! No!
Help! No, please let me go!
[ Man, Woman Shouting ]
Let me go!
Leave me alone!
Hold still!
[ Woman ]
No. No!
Please! No! Please!
[ Man ]
Get her on the bed!
Come on.
No! No, please. No!
Take her. Hold her up!
No, let me go!
Hold still.
- No!
- Come on!
No! No!
Get her
on the bed.
No! No! No!
Hold still!
No!
Get her legs!
Help!
Leave me alone! No!
- Hold her legs!
- No! Let me go!
- Hold her legs.
- Let me go!
No! No! No! No! No!
[ Panting ]
[ Shrieking,
Panting ]
Everything in here okay?
I’m not gonna repeat myself.
Everything’s okay.
This door stays open.
Good morning.
Morning.
I did what you said.
I followed the money.
The missing five percent.
Right.
Turns out it’s skimmed
off the top...
once the funds
arrive in Caracas...
at the H.L.B.C. subsidiary
there.
Which happens when?
The third Friday
of each month.
Tell me how it works.
[ Fara ]
Well, first, it’s converted
into small bills,
stacked on pallets,
loaded into a truck...
and delivered
in the dead of the night
to the Estadio Capital,
where it’s held
at the box office
until the next day...
and declared as receipts
for the weekly football match.
I bet you didn’t know
that Del Paraíso F.C. draws
more fans on those Saturdays...
than they have seats
in their stadium.
That’s a hell of a way
to clean money.
And lots of it.
By our estimates,
over $45 million...
during the last 10 years.
So somebody’s got a sidebar
with the bank.
Who? Owner of the team?
Probably.
Except it’s hard to know
who that is exactly.
The club is structured
in such a way...
so as to shield
the identity of
its majority shareholder.
You got a candidate though,
don’t you?
I do. Just not one
that makes sense.
Nasser Hejazi.
Say again.
Do you know him?
I know he played goalkeeper
for Iran’s 1978 World Cup team.
He’s a legend there.
Well, it can’t be
that Nasser Hejazi.
Why not?
Because he’s dead.
Who’s dead?
I heard you were
in the building.
I left the D.O.J. documents
on your desk.
Yeah, I saw.
You still want me
to handle that?
Yeah.
I’ll be up in a minute.
I’ll be waiting.
Where were we?
Exactly nowhere.
Unless–
What?
[ Exhales ]
Say I’m an Iranian official...
whose job it is
to fund terrorist operations
in the Western Hemisphere.
Okay.
Say I’m watching
all these bankers
get rich on the deal.
Why not me too?
Because you’d be taking
a huge risk, for one thing.
Which is why I go
to such great lengths
to launder the proceeds,
all the while hiding behind
a false identity.
Like a goalkeeper.
Right.
Still,
if the Revolutionary Guard...
ever finds out
you’ve been embezzling
all that money–
Maybe I’m getting
to the end of my career.
Maybe I’m looking
to retire in style.
Maybe I’ve always dreamed
of owning a soccer team.
Javadi?
Why Javadi?
Because it was his operation
in the first place.
Because it makes sense
that he was the one to approach
the Venezuelan bank.
And because Nasser Hejazi
was his boyhood hero.
Don’t smile yet.
Right now
it’s just a theory.
Can I get you
to come this way?
Okay. Uh-huh.
[ Knocking ]
Morning, Carrie.
How we feeling today?
Do you have a brush?
Yeah.
You sleep okay?
Yeah, fine.
So I did a final review
of your doctors
and therapists,
followed up with them
last night.
They all give you
excellent reports.
Do you have any blush?
You look fine.
I look like a ghost.
My dad and sister
are coming, right?
Yeah, they’ll be here.
I called
to remind them yesterday.
Maybe I should say
I’m gonna live
with them for a while.
I don’t think
that’s necessary.
The fact that
they are committed...
to helping you transition
back into the community
is more than enough.
I don’t wanna leave
anything to chance.
Trust me, we’re not.
Here. Let me.
So, the medical staff
is first up.
They will present their reports,
take some questions.
Then it’s
the independent evaluator.
His name is Walter Walker.
A friend. Really nice guy.
Then it’s your turn.
- Then I go home?
- Then you go home.
Carrie, it’s time.
Okay.
Oh, don’t forget to tell
the board how grateful you are
for their help in your recovery.
Makes them feel like
they made a difference.
Yeah, it always
gets them.
So, thank-yous
all around.
Yeah, I can do that.
[ Elevator Bell Dings ]
[ Woman ]
Good morning, Abby.
Where’s my dad and sister?
They should be here by now.
I don’t know.
All rise.
For the Sixth Circuit of
the Commonwealth of Virginia,
the Honorable
Special Justice Robert Strauss.
Please be seated.
Matter of Carrie Mathison.
Why don’t we start
with you, Dr. Maloney.
I understand
there’s been an issue
with the patient’s medication.
There was, Your Honor.
I’m pleased to say
it’s been resolved.
- Explain.
- I titrated her lithium dose...
in daily increments
of 600 milligrams...
until a total daily dosage
of 1,800–
Carrie participates in daily
group sessions and craft
activities enthusiastically.
She’s demonstrated
a real talent in ceramics.
She’s been a pleasure
to have on the ward,
volunteering to deliver
food trays, setting a good
example for her fellow patients.
And it is my opinion
as an independent evaluator...
that the patient,
Carrie Mathison,
meets all the criteria
for discharge today...
with the one proviso
that she continue therapy
as an outpatient.
What do you say, Miss Mathison?
Do you feel well enough
to go home today?
Yes, I do.
And where is home?
- I live in Adams Morgan.
- Alone?
Yes, but my dad
and sister are a quick
15-minute drive away.
We see each other
all the time.
They were scheduled
to make an appearance today,
were they not?
I talked with
Carrie’s father yesterday.
They said they would be.
If my dad says
he’s coming, he’ll be here.
He’s probably stuck in traffic.
Thank you, Miss Mathison.
The members of this committee
will now confer...
and come
to a determination.
Oh, and I wanna thank
everybody here for helping me.
I’m forever grateful.
This shouldn’t take too long.
[ Chattering ]
[ Alarm Blaring ]
♪♪ [ Car Radio: Rock ]
Go.
[ Tires Squealing ]
[ Chattering ]
Mr. Krasny.
Wanna come with me?
Oh, all right. Thanks.
She’s doing
really well.
Ladies.
Please, sit.
Miss Mathison, I’m afraid
I can’t approve your release
from this facility today.
What?
Un-fucking-believable.
I don’t understand, Your Honor.
I’ve just been handed a writ
from the Justice Department.
Saying what?
That your client,
in her current state of mind,
poses a threat
to national security.
Her current state of mind
is excellent.
Four mental
health care professionals
just testified to that fact.
The government’s worried
she’ll disclose
classified information.
Isn’t that what got her
into trouble in the first place,
violating federal secrecy laws?
That was over a month ago
when she was off her meds.
And I’m inclined
to agree with you, counselor,
but Miss Mathison signed away
some of her constitutional
protections...
when she went to work
for the C.I.A.
Is that true?
Life, liberty and the pursuit
of happiness, among others.
Well, do we at least have
the right to appeal?
- Frankly, I don’t know.
- What do you mean
you don’t know?
This is a new one
for me too, counselor.
Miss Mathison, I am sorry.
But you’ve been designated
a security risk.
My hands are tied.
Miss Mathison? I gonna
have to take you upstairs now.
I need a few minutes
with my client.
Carrie, I am going straight
from here to the circuit court
to file an emergency appeal.
You’re wasting your time.
You don’t know that.
Yeah, I do.
Did you see the guy
in the hallway right before we
went back into the hearing room?
No. Who was he?
Dar Adal.
He’s the former head
of a group inside the Agency
nobody likes to talk about.
If he wants to keep me in here,
then I’m not getting out
anytime soon.
- I need your phone.
- You know I can’t do that.
I just wanna call my dad,
make sure he and my sister
are okay.
Make it quick.
[ Mouths Words ]
[ Phone Ringing ]
Excuse me.
God, I hate these things.
Yeah. Hello.
Where were you guys?
What do you mean?
You were supposed to be
at my hearing today.
- I thought it was canceled.
- Who told you that?
I don’t know. Maggie spoke
to somebody last night.
Was it Saul?
I don’t know who it was.
And I’m not at home right now.
Dad, I need you
to do something for me, okay?
Saul’s not talking to me
anymore, so you have to.
- What do you
want me to tell him?
- Tell him that I give up.
Tell him I can’t stand
another second in this place.
I’m going out of my mind.
- Carrie–
- Tell him I’ll do whatever
he wants, just not this.
Carrie, please.
I could lose my job.
I gotta go. Call Saul.
Tell him what I said.
Perfect timing.
Your nails have gotten long.
We’ll have to trim them later.
[ Woman On Radio ]
♪ Stay young
Stay young ♪
♪ Someday they’ll try
to break you, break you ♪
♪ Baby, don’t let ’em
take you, take you ♪
♪ They’ll ♪
[ Phone Ringing ]
- ♪ Take you away ♪
- Backpack.
[ Grunts ]
Front pocket.
Yeah.
[ Ringing ]
♪♪ [ Continues ]
Who is it?
Jessica?
[ Exhales ]
My mom.
♪ Before it’s over ♪
[ Grunts ]
What the hell is that?
Hey. They can catch us
with the G.P.S.
[ Sighs ]
They’re gonna catch us anyway.
Doesn’t mean
we make it easier for them.
♪♪ [ Vocalizing ]
♪ Someday maybe they’ll
change you, change you ♪
♪ Don’t let, don’t let ’em
lead you, lead you– ♪♪
Come on, Dana.
Pick up. Pick up.
Voice mail.
Here. Let me.
Hey, Dana, it’s me, Mike.
Your mom and I are
a little worried about you.
Plus, she’d really like
her car back, so–
Give us a call
so we know you’re okay.
Little worried?
It’s all I can do to keep
from screaming at the phone.
Nothing’s gonna
happen to her, Jess.
Jessica, this is
Martin and Lynn Carras,
Leo’s parents.
Hello. Um, this is
a friend of mine,
Mike Faber.
Do we know
anything yet?
Not yet. It’s early.
Any idea where they might be?
A friend’s house,
favorite hangout?
I’ve tried everybody
I could think of.
Nobody’s heard from her.
- All I know is that
she’s in my car.
- It’s an Outback. Blue.
If you would just report
the car stolen, they could put
out an A.P.B. on her right now.
She didn’t steal it.
She said she was going
to Trader Joe’s.
Well, she was lying, obviously.
Look, Mrs. Carras,
I wanna find them
as much as you do.
And if there’s anything
I can do to help–
[ Man ]
It’s not an official
missing person for 24 hours.
The state police have
a description, and they’re aware
that Leo’s a fugitive from here.
A fugitive?
Most of the time
in these situations,
from my experience,
kids show up
after a few hours.
They’re out
blowing off some steam.
It’s hormones. Young love.
Come on.
We’ve all been there.
It’s not hormones.
He’s under
a bad influence.
- Excuse me?
- We know who you are,
Mrs. Brody.
[ Sighs ]
Then you should know that
my daughter is not responsible
for what her father did.
[ Sighs ]
Your car
for the Camry?
[ Leo ]
Yeah, maybe you can
throw in a little extra.
I just put
a whole new transmission
in that Camry.
It’ll go
another 100,000,
no problem.
That Outback, what?
Maybe another 20,000
and it blows a rod?
Yeah, but the Outback’s worth
more in parts than a dozen
new transmissions in that Camry.
- This car of yours hot?
- Yeah, we just carjacked it.
- Natural-born killers.
- [ Man Laughs ]
Do I know you
from someplace?
I don’t think so.
200 bucks, it’s a deal?
What do you say,
Aurelio?
Is there a problem here?
You wanna trade?
It’s car for car.
None of this
$200 extra bullshit.
- We can just go
down the street.
- I know you.
Deal.
Let’s go.
Carrie,
you just gonna lie there,
or you gonna get packed?
What?
You’re out.
Carrie, you’re out.
I’m out?
By emergency order
of the Sixth Circuit Court
of Maryland.
- I can go?
- Yeah.
How the hell
did that happen?
Who cares?
Start packing. Go.
[ Sighs ]
Don’t be alarmed.
I apologize
for the intrusion.
You.
I should’ve known.
Get the fuck
out of my house.
- Just hear me out.
- I told you before. No.
We went to a lot of trouble
to get you out of that hospital.
You can give me
two minutes.
If I had known, I would’ve
stayed in the hospital.
I doubt that,
but the furlough’s only good
for 24 hours anyway, so–
How did you arrange
my release?
A judge we know,
who, by the way,
is more than willing
to make it permanent.
In exchange for?
A sit-down with one
of the partners in the firm.
That’s all?
[ Scoffs ]
Nothing’s that easy.
You’re probably right,
but that’s above my pay grade.
My job is to get you
to the meeting.
Do I have a choice?
Why not at least listen
to what the man has to say.
What have you
got to lose?
When’s this meeting
supposed to happen?
Tomorrow.
8:00 a.m.
I can pick you up here.
Okay then.
Okay what?
I’ll sit down with him.
Good.
I’ll see you
in the morning.
[ Beeping ]
Hey, Helen.
Have you seen my car?
Your car?
What do you mean?
It’s gone.
That’s strange.
I haven’t seen it in days.
Which circuit court
in Maryland?
The sixth?
Do they have jurisdiction
over a county mental hospital
in Arlington, Virginia?
Okay, thanks.
- Carrie?
- Yeah, I just heard.
She’s angry and vulnerable.
Right now she could be
saying anything to anybody.
Do we know who
petitioned the judge
to get her discharged?
No.
Maybe it was her family.
Not according to her father,
it wasn’t.
The Agency’s
still weak, Saul.
It could die
of the common cold.
And she’s
a full-blown contagion.
Find her.
Get her off the street.
[ Beeps ]
[ Beeping ]
I’m afraid you can’t access
your funds on deposit
at this time.
I don’t understand.
Your account’s
been frozen.
It’s been what?
Frozen.
It says here, "By order
of the Department of Justice."
Are you under
federal indictment?
Not that I’m aware of.
I’m also instructed
to confiscate any credit cards
you may have in your possession.
Those you’re not getting.
They won’t do you
much good anyway.
They’ve been canceled.
I just need to get out of town
for a few days.
I can’t help you there.
Come on.
You know I’m good for it.
It’s not about the money.
What then?
[ Sighs ]
My livelihood.
You are radioactive, Carrie.
I shouldn’t even be talking
to you right now.
I’ve got
no one else to ask.
You gotta make things right
with Saul first.
I’m trying.
He says that you
went to the press.
Jesus Christ, Carrie.
What are you trying to do,
get us all thrown in jail?
I made a mistake.
It won’t happen again.
I should fucking hope not.
What about your van?
Can I at least borrow your van?
No, you can’t.
Just for the weekend,
to go up to the lake.
Carrie, I can’t.
Virgil, please.
I’m in trouble.
[ Sighs ]
- Okay, fine.
- Great. Thank you.
I just need it back
first thing Monday morning.
Absolutely. You got it.
When-When can I come by?
I’ll be in and out all day.
I’ll leave the keys.
Say hi to your mom for me.
[ Phone Beeps ]
My mom?
What are you talking about?
Virgil?
"In Xanadu
did Kubla Khan...
a stately
pleasure dome decree:
Where Alph,
the sacred river, ran...
through caverns
measureless to man...
down to a sunless sea."
And then it goes on.
It’s kind
of beautiful though, huh?
Yeah,
he would’ve liked it.
You think so?
He would’ve liked you.
He was one year younger?
Eleven months.
Irish twins.
Still, I guess it was my job.
What was?
To protect him.
Isn’t that what older brothers
are supposed to do?
He killed himself.
With a gun.
It’s hard to blame
anyone but him.
Believe me,
I should know.
Leave it to my daughter
to fall in love
on the psych ward.
I know some guys
on the Arlington P.D.
I’ll make
some calls.
Thanks.
You okay?
I just can’t seem to do
one thing right anymore.
[ Sighs ]
Hey.
They were the ones
who were rude.
That’s no excuse.
Come on.
You’re way too nice.
No.
I just almost lost Dana,
so I know how they must feel.
[ Sighs ]
I should’ve just let you
move in here like you wanted to.
Jess.
You were always
so good with her.
So much better than me.
I’m not her mother.
It was Brody
who broke her heart.
[ Exhales ]
I could kill him, Mike.
I swear to God, I could.
Can you guess?
It’s where your dad
was stationed.
And?
And... I don’t know.
Right there.
Where those buses are...
there was
a long line of them.
I was over there.
Other side of the parking lot
with Chris and my mom...
and all the other families.
Chris was so freaked out.
He wouldn’t let go
of my hand.
You know,
everybody was hugging
and crying all around us.
The day your dad
deployed for Iraq.
There was
a marine band playing,
and when my dad walked out
with all the other guys
from his battalion,
you could tell
that he was excited.
He wanted to go.
He was some kind of sniper
or something, right?
Yeah.
How old were you?
Eight.
Fuck.
But that’s not
why we’re here.
We’re here...
because this is where
it happened.
The last true thing
that he ever said to me.
Which was?
Good-bye.
Everything after that
was a lie.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
[ TV: Indistinct ]
- Hello.
- Remember me?
You’re kind of hard
to forget.
Listen, I know this is awkward,
but, um, I kind of need
a place to stay.
Probably I should’ve
called first.
- Probably.
- Uh, but it’s just
for the night.
Well, I got exactly
one couch and one bed.
Bed’s cool with me.
Come on in.
[ Grunts ]
So it is him.
Javadi.
That’s him,
third from the right.
Jesus, he’s gotten old.
Standing next to him
is Edgar Cedeno,
the banker we targeted
in last month’s mission.
When was
this photograph taken?
2009.
According to
passenger manifests,
Javadi visited Venezuela
exactly twice.
Once, at the time
of this photograph,
and once in November, 2003.
To set up the deal
with Cedeno’s bank.
Each time traveling
under the name Nasser Hejazi.
His alter ego.
He couldn’t resist the joke.
Now it’s gonna bury him.
With your blessing,
I’d like to open
an OFAC investigation...
into his majority
ownership position at
the Del Paraíso Football Club.
No.
Why not?
Now’s the time for patience.
Don’t force the pieces.
Store them away.
But we have him.
He’s embezzled over $45 million
from the Revolutionary Guard.
They get wind of it,
they’ll just shoot him.
Good.
No.
It’s of negative value.
He’s second-in-command at the
intelligence directorate, Fara.
He ordered the attack
on this building.
I need him in a room.
You want to interrogate him.
I want to rip him down
to the studs.
I want the name of
every agent he’s ever run
in the United States.
And I wanna know
just how close the regime is
to a nuclear weapon.
[ Sighs ]
Miss Mathison.
Leland Bennett.
What is this place?
The firm keeps it for our
more privacy-sensitive clients.
It’s a pleasure
to meet you.
I tried to tell
your colleague, Mr., um–
Franklin.
Mr. Franklin.
You’re wasting your time.
How do you know that
when you haven’t heard
our proposal?
I’m not for sale.
Well, we’re not
trying to buy you.
Really.
And no one’s gonna ask you
to do anything you’re
too uncomfortable with.
Well, I’m already
uncomfortable.
It’s up to you
to draw the line
you won’t cross.
For all I know,
you’re F.B.I.,
and this is a sting.
[ Chuckles ]
What’s so funny?
You have
an active imagination.
Well, somebody shut down
my bank account
and repossessed my car.
Your own agency
did that to you.
That’s my point.
I’m not going to jail.
It seems to me
you’re already there.
There are no recording devices
or cameras in this room,
if that’s what
you’re worried about.
Would you like
to step outside?
Okay, I’m listening.
Our firm has
long-standing relationships...
with several countries
in the Middle East.
We lobby on their behalf,
quietly represent
their interests
here in Washington.
Yeah, I know
how this works.
So, what does
your client want?
To pick your brain
from time to time.
Put you on retainer,
as it were.
Pick my brain?
On what subject?
Your area of expertise.
For example?
For example,
he recently lost
six business associates.
Maybe you heard about it.
So this is Iran
we’re talking about.
He’d like to know how those men
were identified and targeted.
That line you mentioned?
We just crossed it.
Miss Mathison–
No. I won’t do it.
Iran was behind
the Langley bombing.
Which they carried out
in retaliation...
for Israeli air strikes
on their nuclear facilities.
I reject the comparison.
Why?
It’s one military target
for another.
Iran takes great care
in its proportional response
to acts of aggression.
An airliner for an airliner.
A Mossad agent for a physicist.
[ Scoffs ]
Sounds like you’ve drunk
the Kool-Aid.
I’m a professional.
I’m paid to make arguments,
not wave a flag.
Good-bye,
Mr. Bennett.
You’ll be back
in county lockup
by the end of the day–
put there
by the very institutions
you’re trying to protect.
I’ll take my chances.
You know how this works.
You said so yourself.
Meaning what?
You familiar with the term
"controversialize"?
No.
Well, that’s what
they’re doing to you.
They’re turning you
into the story.
They started by leaking
your relationship...
with Congressman Brody.
Next it was
Saul Berenson’s testimony...
in front of the Senate
select committee.
Then they
had you committed.
Pretty soon
it’s not a story about
a terrorist attack anymore,
or how the people
meant to protect us
screwed up.
It’s about you.
It’s about sex between
a bipolar C.I.A. officer...
and her brainwashed
boyfriend.
I’m not a traitor.
No.
What you are
is a liability...
to a lot of people
who’ve got a lot to lose.
So far they’ve
kept your name
out of the press,
but how long
do you think
that’s gonna last?
And what happens then?
I’ll tell you what.
You’re destroyed.
You’re a pariah.
And in six months or a year,
if you haven’t killed yourself
by then,
they’ll do it for you.
You’re naive
to think they won’t.
You’ll slip
in the shower,
or they’ll
force-feed you lithium
till your heart stops...
or they’ll hang you
on a doorknob
and call it suicide.
Let us help you,
Carrie.
We’re very good at it.
You can keep me
out of the hospital?
I can.
I’m broke.
I don’t have a dime
to my name.
You’ll be compensated
handsomely.
Well, then, I never want
to see you again, Mr. Bennett.
I will see your client.
But only him.
And only face-to-face.
That could be a problem.
His problem.
And tell him
I won’t name names either.
I won’t betray my people
in the field.
- It’s between you and him.
- No. That is nonnegotiable.
Okay.
Think of it this way.
Maybe you two can find
some common ground.
Put the world right.
Save us all.
[ Whispers ]
Fuck you.
I’m sorry.
Did you say something?
Yeah. Fuck you.
Mr. Bennett
wanted you to have this
as a show of good faith.
How would he feel about me
buying a plane ticket
to Southeast Asia...
and disappearing
into the jungle
for a while?
You might want
to consider a car trip
to Atlantic City instead.
Why’s that?
You’re on
the T.S.A. no-fly list,
and your passport’s
no longer valid.
Good to know. Thanks.
Have a nice walk.
[ Knocking ]
Have you heard
anything?
No.
What is it?
This.
Detective buddy of mine
got it for me.
Leo wasn’t in the rehab facility
for treatment.
His parents made a deal
with the D.A. to keep him from
being charged with homicide.
What?
Details are sketchy,
but somehow
he managed to get his hands
on his father’s gun.
Maybe it was a suicide pact,
maybe it wasn’t.
Either way,
the brother ends up dead,
and this Leo walks.
Oh, God.
[ Grunts ]
Hey.
What time is it?
Who cares?
I just want to stay
like this forever.
You know, usually I wake up,
and I feel so strange.
But today,
this is just perfect.
I never wanna go back.
Then we don’t have to.
Carrie.
Saul.
Give us a minute.
What are you doing here?
Don’t worry.
I wasn’t followed.
You sure?
Yeah, I’m sure.
I used every trick in the book.
Took me over five hours
to get here.
I’m all right.
[ Breathes Heavily ]
It worked, Saul.
They picked me up
this morning.
Who did?
A man named Franklin.
He took me to a house in Potomac
where I met with Leland Bennett.
The lawyer.
Yes.
What did he say?
What did he say, Carrie?
What were his exact words?
He said his client...
recently lost
six business associates...
and would like to know
how those men were
identified and targeted.
[ Exhales ]
Javadi.
It has to be.
Did you hold out
for a meeting in person?
I did it just the way you said.
I told Bennett the meeting
had to be face-to-face.
And he went for it?
[ Chuckles ]
Oh, you’re
an amazing person,
Carrie Mathison.
Amazing.
I don’t know.
You’ve been very,
very brave.
You should’ve gotten me
out of the hospital, Saul.
You shouldn’t have
left me in there.
[ Sobs ]
It’s almost over.
No. It’s too hard.
I can’t keep going.
Yes, you can.
[ Sobbing Continues ]
Come on in.
Mira will make you
a nice cup of tea.
Come.
Here.
[ Crickets Chirping ]
[ Bird Twittering ]
[ Keys Clack, Bell Dings ]